Prosecutor: You've been
through a lot, Joss.
Have you considered talking
to someone professionally?
- Previously, on "Mistresses"...
- I'm not really looking for a partner.
Just imagine... You can
do anything you want.
That's what I'm offering you.
I called off the wedding.
The good news is I'm going to stay here
and find the true love of my life.
Woman: Your work just
isn't at the level required
to get into this program.
I was an artist once.
Just not who I am anymore.
- That's my nanny.
- Nanny? Really?
♪ I met someone to navigate me ♪
Okay, Vivian is down.
- We have nothing to worry about.
- You're such a good nanny.
We... we have to be really quiet.
Should we go in the bedroom?
No. Out here. Here is fine.
- I think this is great.
- Okay.
[Panting]
Wait! Hold on!
Are we really gonna do this
and change our
professional relationship?
I vote yes... um, unless you vote no.
But... but, uh... you vote yes, right?
Yes? Yes? Yes?
- Okay.
- Mm. Okay.
That's a yes.
Well, we were never really
all that professional, anyway.
[Laughs]
Sync and corrections by Albanda
www.Addic7ed.com
So, look, I know you've
been thinking about the whole
"What else could I maybe be
doing with my life" thing.
I might have a solution.
What kind of solution?
Here.
[Scoffs]
"Soft Hat, Hard Hat:
What's My Next Career"?
Yeah, I was talking to Jonah,
and he said that he went
through the same thing once,
and that this really helped.
Jonah, the used-car salesman
who now plays bass in the band?
That's who I'm getting advice from?
Hey. I flipped through it, April.
It's actually really cool.
It helps people who are
burnt out rethink their goals
and find their true mission in life.
There's something called the
"Top Hat" exercise in here
where you draw a hat that looks
like the career you want...
or careers.
You get it... wearing different hats?
[Giggles] That makes
no sense whatsoever.
And I already know what
I want and who I am.
I'm a mother, I own a store,
and I'm not looking for a job.
Ah, that's... that's not what I...
The art thing didn't exactly pan out,
but I don't need to
draw or wear any hats.
If you want to draw
hats, go right ahead.
Just a suggestion.
And sweet of you, okay?
But I really don't need it.
Well, I'll leave the
book here just in case.
I got to go... Off to find a date.
- Pass.
- No, no.
Kate, honey, stop being so picky.
We're just looking for some dates, not
a man to spend the rest of you life with.
"I've kissed a lot of frogs,"
isn't that the expression?
Kate: Wait, am I seriously doing this?
I was engaged to Brian two weeks ago,
and now I've decided to move to
Los Angles and start speed dating?
Is this such a good idea?
Yes, yes! It's a great idea.
Come on, no more moping around.
- You need dates.
- What's with this guy's hair?
I kind of like his hair.
- [Laughs]
- Swipe.
Oh, guys, thanks so much for coming over
and helping me with all this nonsense.
Are you kidding? Who doesn't love
a good Saturday morning man-hunt?
- Mm-hmm.
- Okay, so we've got, uh,
dates booked at 5:00 and 7:00.
Do you want to pack in one more?
Is three too many?
What if I really like the first one?
Simple... you just
blow the other ones off.
Here. [Cellphone beeps]
Oh, my God. That's my manny.
- What?
- No.
Is that a problem?
He's available, right?
Well, I don't know how
available he is anymore.
We had sex last night.
- And this morning, too.
- Okay.
I'm officially not giving
you advice ever again.
You sleeping with your manny?
Is that such a good idea?
- Yeah, what's the plan there, Karen?
- [Scoffs]
Robert is amazing,
but let's be realistic.
You know, it's not gonna go anywhere.
But for now, I guess
I can have my manny,
and sleep with him, too.
- Ooh. Ooh.
- Yeah, how was the sex?
No one warned me how uncomfortable
sex would be post-baby.
[Groaning]
I'm gonna pretend I
didn't' hear that last part.
- Hi.
- Mm!
- What's the big occasion, ladies?
- Oh, nothing.
I just wanted the girls to get to know
your sister a little better.
They come over to help me find dates.
- On Shaggr?
- Harry, relax.
Everybody's doing it, okay?
It's like, you know, going to a
bar without leaving your house.
She just... hey, you
just broke up with Brian.
Yes, and if she's moving
here she has to meet
some new people, make some friends.
It's better than her sitting in
her room crying all day, okay?
- She's having fun.
- Fine. I'm staying out of it.
- Hmm.
- I'm out of here...
way too much estrogen for one man.
Oh, Joss, come see this one!
[Laughter] Is that an
ascot he's wearing there?
- Mm-hmm!
- Hmm.
Who the hell organized this place?
I can't find a damn thing on my list.
[Sighs] It was all available online.
Sir, we are very organized.
If you would just let me see the...
Why, so you can tell me that
it's only available online?
Sir, is there a problem?
Yes, there's a problem.
Nothing on the website is in the store.
Well, some items,
like the throw pillows,
are online exclusives
from our warehouse,
meaning if you want them
you can purchase them online.
I need everything at
my house by tomorrow.
I can't move forward with the designer
with only half the list,
and I have a big list.
Fine. Let me have it, and
I'll get everything you need.
And deliver it to Malibu?
Normally we don't deliver,
but since this is a large order
I'll make an exception
and deliver it myself.
You'd do that?
I'd be delighted to drive
all the way to Malibu.
After all, this is my store.
Great.
Now, please, get out of my store.
Okay.
I can be cranky. I'm the boss.
Yeah, it's weird, you know,
'cause it didn't really hurt
when it happened, but then the next day,
I had this... this gnarly bruise.
It was worse than usual.
The pain was deeper.
Or I can't really
explain it. It's just...
You have a stress fracture,
which typically occurs
from abnormal force on a normal bone.
Oh, okay. Um, well, that makes sense.
You take another hit to this rib,
and you'll have a clean break.
Ooh. That does not sound good.
It's unbelievably painful, actually.
[Smacks lips] Okay.
Well, I was just, you know...
pain doesn't really scare
me all that much, so...
It should. Pain is generally
a deterrent for people.
Look... feeling strong
is very important...
not only for your
body, but for your mind.
Exactly, and it's not like this
is some dumb exercise class.
I didn't say it was,
but there is a fine line
between self-empowerment
and self-destruction.
And based on what I'm seeing here,
I'd have to say that
you're at a tipping point.
[Sighs]
You need to take a break, Joss.
And what if I don't?
Well, then you'll find out the hard way.
Good luck.
[Door opens, closes]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Let me get that. You are so cute.
Suzie always gets foam on
her mouth when she eats, too.
- Suzie?
- My cat.
Well, one of my cats.
I have five.
You remind me of Sadie, too.
I thought you said you
were an animal lover.
Wow, that's cool.
So, what do you model?
Well, mostly very tasteful,
erotic graphic novels.
Mostly?
Till I found that the real money
is in illustrated sex manuals.
I just got to say... I love your accent.
- You don't have to say that.
- Oh, no, it's the truth.
You know, the best trip I
ever took was to Australia.
I've been dying to go back.
And your accent is crazy cute.
Should we get some food?
Yes.
Hey, just so you know,
I am taking down my Shaggr profile,
so you don't have to worry about that.
I'm not worried.
A guy's got to do
what a guy's got to do.
As does a woman.
Oh, man, Vivian was so adorable
today when you were at work.
We had the most epic tummy time.
- Oh, did you now?
- Oh, yeah.
She was giggling at my little
jokes and all my little dances.
Your jokes?
Yeah, she, uh... she loves
this... this little dance I do.
It's my... it's my Happy
Meal commercial booty dance.
And I got to admit, it's pretty genius.
No offense, but she was
probably passing gas.
Oh, man.
When Vivian laughs,
she looks just like you.
[Vivian cries in distance]
Oh. I recognize that cry.
- That's her hungry cry.
- Mm.
You know what?
Why don't you go?
You haven't spent any
quality time with her today.
What exactly is that supposed to mean?
Well, it's just that
you were at work all day.
Okay, then. I'll be right back.
What in the hell happened to you?
Um, it's just a little
bruise from my class.
Little? Wait. Joss,
Joss, Joss, come here.
- Hey.
- What?
Joss this looks really bad.
- Stop.
- You okay?
My doctor checked it. Nothing's
broken. It's totally fine.
You could have cracked
a bloody rib here.
But I didn't and,
look... [Inhales sharply]
- totally breathing normal again.
- Okay, stop.
Come on.
I-I'm not sure I'm so
good with this class.
And then this whole two-a-day
business? You look great.
You don't have to work out twice a day.
[Laughing] Oh, my God.
That's such a male thing to say.
Harry, it's not about
looking good, okay?
Everyone should know
how to defend themselves.
Okay, sure, but don't you think
this is taking it to an extreme?
Okay.
I will cut it down to once a
day. Will that make you happy?
Well, how about cutting
it back to "nonce" a day
just until you're totally healed.
Come on.
Okay, Harry. Okay.
I'll go back to yoga and
pilates just for a little bit.
- Mm.
- Yeah? Just for you.
- Good.
- [Giggles]
Crazy woman.
Hello?
Hi there.
I wanted to finish
the living room first.
You can decide if you want
to go Moroccan Modern
with everything later on.
What do you think so far?
Just leave those there, just drop them.
Uh, do you need me to sign anything?
No, Michael already
took care of everything.
So, don't leave me in suspense.
You totally love it, right?
Well, obviously, it still
needs the final accents.
Darling, this isn't your loft in Soho.
Moroccan Modern is the way to go.
Everyone with a sense
of adventure's doing it.
[Sighs]
Why are you looking at the
delivery lady for advice?
Actually, I'm not a delivery lady.
This is April Malloy. Uh, she
owns the store that you sent me to.
Uh, maybe she has some thoughts.
Oh, that's sweet, but I'm good.
No, um, just give me a half hour
to shuss things together.
Once you see the full
picture, you'll get it.
I'm sorry, but I can't work with you
staring at me like some scared possums.
Please, go.
Wow. She's a lot.
Yeah, and a lot of money,
too. You didn't like it?
It looks like Morocco threw up in there.
[Sighs]
I'd vote for less showy
and a lot less trendy,
- but that's just me.
- Me too, actually.
Look, I'm sorry I was
such an ass yesterday.
It wasn't about you.
It was about her.
To be honest, I was in
a horrible mood, too,
so it wasn't just you or her.
It was a little bit me.
That sounds like that song
from "The Book of Mormon"?
"You and Me (But Mostly Me)"?
Exactly! I love that show.
Me too!
Michael, get in here.
- [Exhales sharply]
- [Clears throat]
Remember, she works for you.
Bali, Shanghai, London,
and my crown jewel...
Diamond Sunset, a
five-star destination resort
that will surpass anything
you've ever seen in Los Angeles.
And I want you to partner with me
on this spectacular new restaurant.
As well as the beach bistro?
[Scoffs] I get...
I thought you were interested
in partnering on that?
I'm interested in partnering with you.
You have the opportunity to go bigger.
No, no. I've done bigger, Jonathan.
Wunderbar was never my vibe.
No offense, Harry, but
Wunderbar was not big.
And it looked like it was
designed by a super model,
which is why it closed
two months after you left.
[Sighs]
This... this place will be big.
So, wait a second, you
pretended to have interest
in the beach bistro so you
could rope me into this?
I... I just want what's best for you.
Look, it's obviously
very impressive, Jonathan.
But I don't know if this
really connects with who I am.
A restaurant in a hotel
feels less about the food
and more about the bells and whistles.
It's all about the food.
Shiny bells and whistles
will bring people in,
but your food keeps them coming back.
This could make you rich, Harry...
very rich.
And it could be the start
of an incredible partnership.
[Sighs]
Look, Harry, you're...
you're my top choice,
but I have to move on to the other chefs
if you are not interested.
Think about it.
[Clears throat]
I had contracts drawn up.
Take a day and let me know.
This is about who you really want to be.
No, no, I think that's everything.
Thank you. Goodbye.
There's somebody out here to see you,
- but I told her that you were busy.
- Oh, who... who is it?
Well, she says that she's your sister,
but your sister doesn't
live here anymore, right?
So I just figured this
woman is some nutjob.
Oh, no, it's... it's okay, Kylie.
- Okay.
- Yeah, let her in.
She's strict. You left
so early this morning.
I didn't get a chance to tell
you about my date last night.
What happened? What
time did you get home?
It was all kinds of late,
but I had the best
day of my entire life.
Oh, my God! Honey,
that's great! Which guy?
The first two were
disasters... bonzo crazy.
My third with Dean was incredible.
I told you... you need three.
It's weird, but the funny thing is...
Hm? The funny thing is what?
- It might be the guy.
- What guy?
The guy.
It's gonna sound weird after everything
that's gone down lately,
but the guy I could marry.
[Gulps, coughs]
Sorry. [Clears throat]
I told you it would sound crazy.
You know, a little,
'cause you just broke off
your engagement with
Brian two weeks ago.
I am aware of that, and
I know it sounds a little
all over the place, but I'm
not gonna marry Dean right now.
- No. Right.
- That'll take time.
It's just a feeling that I
have that we belong together.
Huh.
I don't get it... you got
enough cash for a down payment
on the place you love,
you're ready to go.
This rich guy sends a
present and shows you
a PowerPoint, and
suddenly you're wavering.
Well, this could be a chance
to do something really big.
- [Scoffs]
- And it would still be my own.
I mean, this could take my
career to a whole new level.
And the last time I had my own place,
it was with Savi's money
and named after her.
And Wunderbar was never mine
and a food truck compared
to what this will be.
That's if I decide to do it.
Well, it sounds like you already have.
No, I have not. I'm thinking.
Good.
I did a little research
into your new partner,
and you should think about this.
The place may not be so much yours
as you think once he
gets through with you.
The dude's all about
money... bottom line.
Look, the bistro could be awesome.
Isn't going for your own dreams
on your own terms big enough?
You know what, Marc? I don't
care what they say about you.
You're a very wise man.
My mom used to say that same thing.
Hey, wait up!
I don't think it's smart
for me to just show up
on your second date with some guy.
Joss, it's just drinks,
and I want your opinion.
My opinion is you're getting
ahead of yourself, honey.
Why, because I already know how I feel?
Sorry. Can I help that?
And Dean said family's
really important to him.
He said that?
On a first date? Okay.
Kate, any guy who says that on
a first date wants one thing...
to get in your pretty, little pants.
Okay, well, maybe those
weren't his exact words,
but we were talking about
family, and he was saying
that all of his friends
were settling down
and he didn't want to
be some pitiful dude
trolling Shaggr for hookups.
Still trying to get in your pants.
I know it sounds nuts.
I'm not denying that.
- That's why I want you to meet him.
- I...
Isn't it possible the
universe can conspire
to bring two people together?
Maybe the whole reason
that I broke it off
with Brian was to meet Dean.
It's a long shot, sure,
but isn't true love always a long shot?
Okay, fine. I'll go.
- [Shouts]
- Okay, geez.
The woman has officially lost her mind.
Don't tell me she's slept
with all three of her dates.
No, no, that might have been better.
Um, instead she found the one
guy that she wants to marry.
- Oh.
- Yes.
From one date on Shaggr.
Thank God.
Thank... God?
Babe, that's just Kate.
This is perfectly normal.
She's not crazy. She's a romantic.
The random sexting? That was crazy.
- No, no. This is very normal.
- [Cellphone chimes]
She's gonna be fine.
Trust me, you watch...
this'll blow over.
Okay. But, really?
So, are you telling me
that I don't need to go
on this date with her tomorrow night?
No, no, I-I still think you should go.
Clearly, she needs help.
Well, then... Ow.
Oh, your bruise is still hurting, huh?
I'm glad you stopped those classes.
Oh! Oh!
How did it go with
Jonathan this afternoon?
- Ugh.
- Oh, no.
He wants me to open this
big schmancy restaurant
in his new hotel on Sunset.
Honey, that should be, like, "Wow!"
Yeah, I'm just worried he's
all about the money, you know?
Is that really such a bad thing?
Because if you accidentally
become a billionaire,
you know, I'm not gonna
kick you out of bed.
Yeah. I just don't think
I can work with someone
who doesn't have some passion
and heart behind what he does.
Just doesn't feel right.
Mm.
That's why I love you.
[Bell dings]
Ta-da! I brought wine.
No more breast feeding means
no more not having wine.
What's that... for your new place?
No, the other day this
guy came into the store
and ordered a ton of stuff.
I took it out to his beach house today,
and some of this art would
look amazing in his place.
Oh, I get it... he's cute.
[Chuckles]
Does Marc know that
you are at some strange,
cute guy's beach house giving him ideas.
His decorator was there.
- It was a business thing.
- Mm-hmm.
So there's nothing to tell Marc.
I was at Michael's
place for a few hours,
and I'll probably never see him again.
Well, if he does show
up, realize you're this
beautiful woman who doesn't
want to mistakenly lead him on
with your fancy ideas and fabulous art.
Mm-hmm. Okay. And
you're the one to talk?
You're the one mixing
business and pleasure
with your manny lover.
- How's that going, anyway?
- Mm, I wish I knew.
Sometimes it feels like we
have this cute kid together,
which is strange.
Other times it's like he's
just this guy working for me,
which is also strange.
Just figuring out the
hourly rate is a nightmare.
Like, when is he off the clock?
Probably when he's on top of you.
Ooh. Actually, I like it on top of him.
I bet you do.
[Laughs]
You know what... look, I've
said... I've said everything
that I have to say about
Calista Raines, okay?
I don't give a crap if you need
more quotes for your article.
- Just one more question.
- Nope, we're done here.
[Tires screech]
[Horn honks]
God!
I... you're...
What the hell's the matter with you?
You're supposed to share the road!
Oh, my God! You freaking bike
riders think you're so special.
Why don't you... why
don't you try obeying
a traffic signal for once?
- Easy, lady.
- Red means stop, buddy.
And look y-you're... you're fine.
It's not like I hit you.
And don't think to try and,
like, sue me or anything
because everyone here saw
that it was your fault.
- Get some help!
- You know what? Screw you.
[Indistinct conversations]
♪
[Groans]
I mean, it was... It was like a, um,
you know, an out-of-body experience.
I was standing there and I'm
watching all my frustrations
come flooding out on this
poor guy and his bike.
I could have killed him, Karen.
- Take a big sip.
- [Sighs]
- Now. Do it.
- Okay.
Just be thankful you
didn't do anything horrible.
In my defense, I didn't hit him.
Right, and the light
had just turned red,
which I'm pretty sure means
everybody frickin' stops, yeah?
But, you know, it's L.A., and
nobody's paying any attention.
It's, like, trying to
get across town is...
i-is like being in a war zone.
So, I'm go ahead and assume
that you never called any
of the people I gave you.
Hmm?
Oh, God, Karen, come on.
You know how I feel about therapy, okay?
I just... I-I don't...
I think it's kind of
pointless, you know?
No offense to your whole profession.
None taken, though I
obviously totally disagree.
It's just the whole, like, navel gazing
and t-the living in the past and...
it's not... it's just
not for me. I'm sorry.
All the crazy-ass crap that happened
with Calista frickin'
Raines, I could sit there
and I could analyze it for days.
But what's the point... what's
that gonna do for me, you know?
I'm fine.
You seem a little intense.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, well, I think, you
know, this is what happens
when I don't take out my frustrations
in a controlled environment
like my Impact class.
- You've stopped?
- I-I kind of got hurt,
and Harry got worried, so
he wanted me to take a break.
What? You got hurt? What happened?
I had a little bruise
and he got, you know,
all protective and manly, so...
So, instead of therapy,
you're throwing yourself
into work and attacking
innocent people on their bikes?
Yeah.
Sounds a lot worse when
you put it like that.
Well, if the class helps prevent you
from running people over,
maybe it's not a bad thing.
I guess we can think of it
as your version of therapy.
Oh, my... does everything
have to be therapy with you?
Can't, like, a workout
just be a workout?
[Chuckles]
I have to admit though,
Karen, it was really helping.
♪
[Airplane engine whirring]
[Cellphone rings]
- Harry.
- JONATHAN.
Jonathan: I had a
feeling you'd be calling,
and I assume it's to say
no to the hotel-restaurant?
Uh, yeah.
Actually that is why.
Uh, the project's just
not for me, so, um...
I'm sorry for springing the contract
on you yesterday like that.
- It was wrong.
- No, no.
T-that's fine. I understand.
I-I just don't think that a partnership
is a good idea for me.
I understand it could
make me extremely rich,
but that's not what I'm all about.
No offense to you, I'm just not sure
we share the same values, but thank you.
That's where you're wrong, Harry.
If you think that I'm all about
money just for money's sake,
I understand why you don't
want to be in business with me.
But that's not who I am.
Why don't you come to my house tonight.
Let me show you what I'm really about.
Jonathan, w-we don't... we
don't need to go through this.
Please. One last chance?
Thanks, Mrs. Daniels, and let me know
if you change your
mind about duvet covers.
[Bell dings]
Thanks.
Thanks for letting me
return some of this.
Of course. How could I say no?
You sounded so nervous
when you called to ask.
Even if it's almost all
of it? I'm so embarrassed.
Don't be. Seriously.
So, how's it going with Lindsay?
Oh, right... silly question.
Actually, I just got into
a huge fight with her.
She was going on and on about
some dreadful beaded pillows.
I wanted to take one and stuff it
down her stringy little throat.
[Laughs] Oh, God. I hope you didn't.
Nope. I fired her instead.
I had a feeling you
were headed that way.
I think you definitely
made the right call.
I knew you'd understand.
Is there anything else?
Yeah, um, actually, now that
Lindsay's out of the way,
do you have any
recommendations for decorators?
Sure, I can put a list
together and e-mail them to you.
Great. Thanks, April.
I'm not looking forward
to telling my wife
that the place might not be ready
by the time she comes out next month.
Your wife? I didn't
realize you were married.
Yeah, I bought the place
because Teresa's moving out
from New York, and I will
keep L.A. as home base.
Oh, that's exciting.
[Sighs]
[Giggles] Ridiculous, right?
I mean, I guess I should
consider myself lucky.
Most of my friend's
parents have split up.
You know, my folks
are well into their 60s
and still crazy hot for each other.
Oh, well, my mother
was hot for everyone,
except for my father.
Yeah, so not a... not a great example
for me, if you know what I'm saying.
Hey, I think Dean's
lucky to have parents
- who are still in love.
- Oh.
Mine never really were.
It's great, you know, until
you walk into them one day
when you're home for
Christmas and you see them
doing things you never
want to see again.
- Unh-unh! Unh-unh.
- Yeah.
[Laughs] True story.
Thank you.
Okay, so, how do we want to do this?
Oh! I-I crashed your date. I'll pay.
What? No, no, no, no, no.
I mean, how do you want to do this?
You girls live together, right?
Would be easier to just go
to your place and do it there?
Do what where?
[Laughs] I see what you're doing.
All right.
Hey, you're sisters, right?
Do the accent. Can you do it?
No, no... sister-in-law.
I... I didn't say anything because...
Don't feel bad.
Sisters-in-law is still... hot.
Trust me. I'm gonna go to the restroom.
You two girls figure out
who's place we're going to
for some real fun, huh?
And thank you.
Oh, my God... what a giant douchebag.
Are you gonna be the one
to kick him in the balls
when he gets back, or
do I get the honors?
- Your call?
- My call?
- Yeah.
- You just ruined the entire evening.
Kate! Come here. What the
hell just happened in there?
What do you think just happened?
You were flirting with
him all night long.
Wait, what? Are you serious?
All the cute little stories,
laughing at this jokes.
Hey, hey, what the hell
are you talking about?
Why else would he leave?
Uh, Kate, because the
guy was a slime bucket
just looking to get laid by both of us.
You should be thanking me right now.
All I know is that he wasn't like that
at all when we out alone...
he was just a sweet guy.
If you remember, I
didn't even want to go.
Okay, y-you thought that
it would help, so, hey,
don't bother asking
me for any more favors
if you're gonna act all frickin' crazy.
I'm done.
Y-you're just gonna leave me here?
Yeah, yeah! And maybe creepy
Dean will take you home
since he's such an awesome guy, Kate.
You know, I have somewhere to be
before I get really frickin' angry.
You don't want to see me really angry.
[Engine starts]
[Tires screech]
♪
[Door bell rings]
[Sighs]
- Harry.
- Jonathan.
Welcome.
Can I offer you a drink?
Uh, sure. W-what are you gonna have?
Scotch, but we have everything.
- Uh, Scotch is great.
- Great.
I will show you around the house later,
but first, I would like
you to see something.
Everyone, this is Harry Davis,
the amazing chef I've been
telling you so much about.
[Crowd greets Harry]
Hello. Wow.
It's my family.
[Indistinct conversations]
Hi.
And this is my grandma, Bibi.
Hello, Bibi. So lovely to meet you.
Let me get you a drink. Come.
I don't usually talk about
this, Harry, but my family
lost everything during
the revolution in Iran.
I escaped to Turkey,
and then I immigrated
here to California.
I made a vow to make sure
that every single member
of my family made it over
while I was building my
business from scratch.
So, your entire family
lives in L.A. now?
No, Harry.
My entire family lives here
with me and my wife Nava.
Well...
everyone except the ones
we sent off to college
or who have families of their own now.
So, you see, Harry?
I'm not all about money
just for the sake of money.
This... is what's important to me.
♪
♪ I've been believing,
I'm a bad, bad soul ♪
♪ I've been fooled,
I've been abused ♪
Hey, Joss.
- Yeah?
- We missed you the last few classes.
- Where you been?
- Oh, yeah.
I, uh...  I wasn't
even gonna come tonight.
My fiancé was worried.
When I got hurt, he
wanted me to take a break.
Controlling male fascist, eh?
[Laughs] Actually he's a chef.
Oh, God.
He doesn't need to
know about this, okay?
These classes are
clearly something I need.
Yeah, well, I could have told you that.
[Grunts]
Ahh!
Okay, come on. Shake it off.
Use the pain, Joss.
Let's go.
♪ Running to the top, I'm
getting higher and higher ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, oh, yeah ♪
Oh, please tell me we're not buying
all this stuff for the house.
- We have nowhere to put it.
- It's not for us, silly.
I'm putting a template together to show
a few designers what
Michael is looking for.
You know, the guy I told you
about who came into the store?
I don't get it.
Why are you giving this
all to other designers
when you're the one who designed it?
Why are you limiting yourself?
Because people go to school
for years and years to do this.
It's not some made-up job.
They have degrees, they intern,
they get their work
published in magazines.
The woman Michael was
working with before
did Dave Grohl's house
and Marisa Tomei's house
and Matt LeBlanc's house.
And I'm sure that's really impressive.
That doesn't mean that
you can't do it, too.
Some people just have a natural talent
for these things, and
maybe this is yours.
You just can't announce
you're a designer
and open up shop somewhere. [Scoffs]
I'd look like a complete idiot.
That's not what I'm
suggesting, but, hell, why not?
Because it's not like
grabbing three guys
and just saying you're starting a band.
Okay, that's not fair. All I'm doing...
Marc, I know what
you're doing, so please,
just stop trying to give me a damn hat.
[Sighs]
Fine. I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have said anything.
Look, I just want to finish
this board and be done with it.
I'm going to bed.
[Sighs]
[Smacks lips]
[Indistinct conversations]
How you feeling?
[Scoffs] Sore.
You did a really good job tonight.
Yeah.
Well, my fiancé's gonna freak
when he sees these bruises.
I told him I wasn't gonna
come back for a while.
You need to think of
those as badges of honor.
Lots of people don't get why
this place is so important.
Yeah, I mean, first time in forever
- I haven't been depressed.
- Me too.
It's the only place I feel safe.
Each of us has a reason
for being here, and I'm sure
that you have one that you'll
share when you're ready.
Look, I have something
in my bag for you.
Arnica gel... It'll help with
your bruising and the pain.
You take this one home with you.
Ice that when you get home,
then put some makeup on it to cover it.
Your fiancé, he never has to know.
Okay.
♪
Hey, you.
Thanks for the beautiful flowers today.
You're so sweet.
No one's ever sent me flowers
unless it was a special occasion.
Hey, uh, did you get any of those texts
I sent you about Vivian's rash?
Yeah, but I had back-to-back
sessions all day,
and I figured you had it under control.
I was just worried,
'cause usually if a mother
receives texts about their child,
usually they respond to those texts.
I assumed if it were serious
you'd pull me out session.
- We've discussed this before.
- I know.
I really wish you had not
stopped breast feeing Vivian.
Now, look, this is
scientifically proven, okay?
Study after study
shows the longer a child
is breast fed, the stronger
their immune system is.
Okay, wow.
I'm really not comfortable
talking about this with you
as a nanny, much less as whatever else
you are in my life right now.
I-I'm speaking to
you as your nanny now.
It sounds like you're making
judgments about my mothering.
No, Karen, I'm just trying to help.
You are gonna miss out on some
serious bonding opportunities
with Vivian if you are not more aware.
You did not just say that.
I'm doing everything I
can to be a good mother.
This is my first time.
I've never done this before!
Have you ever breast
fed anyone? Probably not.
Do you know how it feels? No.
So, now you need to
listen to me, Robert.
You're fired.
[Exhales sharply]
[Door opens, closes]
[Baby crying] No, no, no.
Sweet pea, honey, what's wrong?
You're not dirty. You should be
so happy and so sleepy right now.
Okay.
Five "S's," Five "S's... "
swaddle, side, or stomach.
Uh... shush. Swing.
Suck! Suck!
Here. Here you go, baby.
No, no, no. Oh. Okay.
Okay, uh... okay.
Try this.
[Crying continues]
♪
Okay.
[Crying stops]
Look at that.
I guess socks must be
the sixth "S" for you.
[Coos]
[Exhales sharply]
[Chuckles]
[Sighs]
Oh.
- Come again?
- You heard me.
A threesome, which I somehow
managed to blame on Joss.
- She totally hates my guts now.
- Wow.
Yeah, she's probably pissed.
I'm a horrible person, Harry,
and I'm two inches
short of bat-crap crazy.
One second, I'm out
looking for anonymous sex,
the next, I'm looking for a husband.
What is wrong with me?
There is nothing wrong with
you, and you are not crazy.
But you probably won't
find the love of your life
in three days on Shaggr in Los Angeles.
What if I'm screwing up everything?
What if I never find anyone again?
Of course you will. I promise.
I've already wasted so much
time with Brian, and I'm 35 now.
If I want to have kids...
and I want to have lots...
there's only so much time
left to have a happy family
like we never had growing up.
Listen, look... you don't have to worry
about that. You've got plenty of time.
What am I gonna do, live with
you the rest of my life...
some sad spinster lady
camped out in your guest room
forever with cats named Sadie and Suzie?
[Scoffs]
You are my baby sister. I love you.
You can live here as long as
you want... without the cats.
[Giggles]
But just... . just know one thing.
What?
We're family.
I'll always take care of you.
[Chuckles]
Okay.
Thank you.
♪
There we go. Yeah! Oop,
watch out for Lucy, there.
Watch out for Lucy.
- Karen!
- Hi, I'm not stalking you.
I just want to talk for a moment.
- Are you busy?
- Uh, well, yeah.
I'm kind of working right
now and don't really feel like
having you yell at me or threaten me
if I utter the word "breast feeding."
Look, I feel bad about how
things ended last night.
But I had no business jumping
down your throat like that.
That's very generous of you.
Thank you for saying that.
I know you're coming from a good place,
and I appreciate all you've
done for me and Vivian.
Last night, I was up with her for hours.
She wouldn't stop crying.
Finally, I put socks on her feet, and...
- The socks.
- and that solved the problem.
And I wanted to tell you...
[Inhales sharply]
... I miss you, Robert.
Well, I miss you guys, too.
Hey!
- Hey.
- [Vivian coos]
So, does this mean I can come back?
As a nanny? Good, God, no.
No, no, no. It's way too weird.
But I would love to date you
like a normal couple would do.
Okay.
I could do normal.
[Cellphone chimes]
[Sighs]
[Exhales sharply]
Hello!
April!
Do we have plans?
No, but I pulled together a
list of the potential designers
you asked for, and I thought
I'd give it to you in person.
You could have just called me.
Look, I know I don't have
the experience and credentials
that other designers may
have, but I have more energy
and more passion and more
dedication to truly being
a partner who will hear
everything you say...
Whoa, whoa. The job's yours. It's yours.
- You're hired.
- [Shouts]
[Chuckles] Thank you so much!
We're gonna have a lot of fun.
♪
- [Whistles]
- [Giggles]
Um, honey, are those contracts?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I decided to partner with Jonathan
on the hotel-restaurant.
A-wha-wha...
I thought you said it wasn't a match?
Yeah, I know, but
turns out we actually do
share the same values, so...
- Baby.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- [Knock on door]
I'll give you guys privacy.
Joss, I'm... I'm so
sorry about last night.
It obviously wasn't your fault.
No.
Truth is...
I felt really scared and
out of control lately...
and... and jealous of what you have.
Jealous of what?
[Voice breaking] A life of love,
and the fact that you
get to be with the one
that you were meant to
be with against all odds.
It's okay, Kate. I forgive you.
I mean, unless you want to
beg and grovel some more.
I knew you couldn't stay mad at me.
[Laughter] Come here, you.
Ohh. Hmm.
Okay.
[Giggles]
Ow. [Grunts]
Sync and corrections by Albanda
www.Addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org